Add OP stack using nethermind to Sedge (#407)
NethermindEth/sedge: docs/docs/quickstart/optimism.mdx

Reviewer: There is no mention on how the full node setup lool like (what services) and that we are using Nethermind for the L2 execution client

Author: Added more context and tips here [bd0819c](https://github.com/NethermindEth/sedge/pull/407/commits/bd0819cd9319e450d9d184f61cd4b8488f0867ab)

3. **Run the Node**: Start your Optimism node using the generated configuration.
4. **Monitor and Maintain**: Keep your node running smoothly and up to date.

Let's dive into each step in detail.

## Using Sedge for Optimism

### Generating Node Configuration

To generate the configuration for your Optimism node, use the following command:

```bash
sedge generate op-full-node --network mainnet
```

This command will create a new directory with all the necessary configuration files for running an Optimism node on the mainnet. If you want to run a node on the testnet (Sepolia), use `--network sepolia` instead.

At this time, we are using Nethermind as the execution Optimism node, in the future we will add support for `op-geth`.

:::info

When you use `sedge generate op-full-node`, Sedge will generate a `docker-compose.yml` script and a `.env` file with the necessary configuration for your Optimism node.

That config will include the execution client, the consensus client, and the execution and consensus Optimism client.

:::

:::tip

Setting `--execution-api-url` flag, will only generate execution and consensus Optimism nodes, and the stack will point to that execution node.

> This is useful in case you have already an endpoint for the execution node. It will safe synchronization time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful if you already have an endpoint for the execution node. It will save synchronization time.
```
